New governance policy draft (#1)
IntersectMBO/documentation: open-source-committee/policies/introduction.md

Briefly re-stated, those are:

1. Legitimacy: maintaining the legitimacy of the Intersect projects in the eyes of the community
2. Quality: maintaining the quality of the Intersect projects
3. Sustainability: ensuring that the Intersect projects continue in a healthy fashion
4. Citizenship: being good open-source citizens

The principles are:

1. Merit: authority and voice should derive primarily from merit
2. Transparency: decisions and discussions should be public and transparent
3. Delegation: decisions should be made at the lowest level possible

## Conformance

The policies use RFC-2119 keywords to indicate the expected conformance level of various policies.

Because the heart of our policies are the principles, and in accordance with the principle of Delegation, many policies use "should".
This means that projects and people can deviate from the policy, provided that they have a good reason and this action is in accordance with the principles. 
The policies are often aiming to provide a sensible default.

Similarly, projects and people are encouraged to augment the policies if they think it appropriate.

> Policies stated with "must" are non-negotiable, unless there is a very good reason.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Policies stated with "must" are non-negotiable, and desired deviation must be discussed by changing the policy on that topic to a "should".
```

I think this would make the difference between "should" and "must" more clear, while still allowing a path forward if someone disagrees on a (currently) "must policy".

Reviewer 2: I saw this line and had the exact same feeling. If we're going to make an exception for a "must" then it no longer becomes a "must" and the policy *should* probably be amended.

Author: Yep, that's reasonable. I was just thinking along the lines that almost any policy has _some_ extreme circumstances in which it doesn't apply, but I agree that this proposal is better.

Reviewer 2: What about...
"Unless explicit exceptional cases are identified. When unforeseen exceptional cases are identified, they must be added to the policy"?
